Gwen Parker is a customer service manager for Secure Banking. She has just given a presentation on the company's customer relations performance for the quarter.

In conclusion, our customer relationship effected by technical problem in Jan, but we were able to recover, now I'll be very happy to answer your questions

What did you use to measure our customer service

We based our rating and number of customer complaints, and request received, and number of hours it took to process these complaints and requests or move them up to the right department. We also got feedback from each customer at the end of every transaction.

I see, thank you

are there more questions?

How much did the technical glitches effect our customer service?

Just to clarify, are you asking how the technical problem affected our team in particular

Yes

Ok well, the technical problem started Jan 3, we were thus unable to process the credit card inquiries of customer who contact us on Jan 1 and 2. the customer service team was caught by surprise, but we were able to bounce right back with the paper system, but the paper system delayed the processing by at least two days.

What caused the system error in Jan

I'm sorry, but I'm still not sure what happened. I can ask the It manager about it later if you'd like. I can send you all a email about his response.

I would appreciate that, thank you

If there are no more questions, I would like to end by assuring you that the customer service team has come up with a backup plan in case a technical problem should arise again, thank you all for your time.

